docs: data cleanup / update structure (#453)
regen-network/regen-ledger: docs/tutorials/data-cli.md

> # Data Module (CLI)

Reviewer: is this supposed to show up in the tutorials yet in vuepress? im assuming since the readme is blank, this is for later?

Author: It is not meant to be included, the data tutorials were written back in January and need to be updated. Thanks for reviewing though! I was just moving them to their own files to be updated later, see https://github.com/regen-network/regen-ledger/pull/453#discussion_r682960870.

> We will interact with Regen's [Data module](./modules/data/) in the example, also called `x/data`. The Data module allows a user to anchor any piece of data on the blockchain, by storing its hash in on-chain state. `x/data` uses the [CID](https://github.com/multiformats/cid) specification for addressing the hash of this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will interact with Regen's [Data module](./modules/data/), also called `x/data`, in the example. The Data module allows a user to anchor any piece of data on the blockchain, by storing its hash on-chain. `x/data` uses the [CID](https://github.com/multiformats/cid) specification for addressing the hash of this data.
```

::: tip
All the commands below work if you're connecting to a [remote node](./getting-started/live-networks) (with the `--node` flag) or to a [local node](./getting-started).
:::

### Create a KeyPair

> For sending transactions on the blockchain, you will need a keypair. Regen Ledger keys can be managed with the `regen keys` subcommand. A new key pair can be generated using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sending transactions to the blockchain, you will need a keypair. Regen Ledger keys can be managed with the `regen keys` subcommand. A new key pair can be generated using:
```

```sh
KEY_NAME=my_key # Or choose your own key name.
regen keys add $KEY_NAME

# We will also save the generated address in a variable for later use.
MY_ADDRESS=$(regen keys show $KEY_NAME -a)
```

> If you'd like to use a custom keyring backend, you can find more information on the [Cosmos SDK keyring docs](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/run-node/keyring.html). Make sure you save the seed mnemonic in a safe place!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to use a custom keyring backend, see the [Cosmos SDK keyring docs](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/run-node/keyring.html). Make sure you save the seed mnemonic in a safe place!
```

To receive some funds on this address, copy the content of the `$MY_ADDRESS` variable, and paste your address on [our faucet](https://regen.vitwit.com/faucet) to receive some funds.

### Sending a Transaction

To send a transaction for anchoring a CID, run the following command:

```sh
EXAMPLE_CID=zb2rhe5P4gXftAwvA4eXQ5HJwsER2owDyS9sKaQRRVQPn93bA
regen tx data anchor $KEY_NAME $EXAMPLE_CID
```

> A summary of the transaction will be displayed, and you can confirm sending it by pressing the `y` key. After a couple of seconds, the confirmation of the transaction will be displayed, in JSON format. Make sure that the `code` field contains `0`, as this means the transaction was successful. If not, then look at the `logs` field for potential errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A summary of the transaction will be displayed, with a confirmation message. Pressing `y` will confirm, and `n` will reject and cancel the transaction. After a couple of seconds, the confirmation of the transaction will be displayed, in JSON format. Make sure that the `code` field contains `0`, as this means the transaction was successful. If not, then look at the `logs` field for potential errors.
```

i feel if we're going to explain the confirmation thing, might as well include the other option available

> A summary of the transaction will be displayed, and you can confirm sending it by pressing the `y` key. After a couple of seconds, the confirmation of the transaction will be displayed, in JSON format. Make sure that the `code` field contains `0`, as this means the transaction was successful. If not, then look at the `logs` field for potential errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A summary of the transaction will be displayed, and you can confirm sending it by pressing the `y` key. After a couple of seconds, the confirmation of the transaction will be displayed, in JSON format. Make sure that the `code` field contains `0`, as this means the transaction was successful. If not, inspect the `logs` field for potential errors.
```

> Let's sign the anchor we just created. Signing an anchor in the Data module is attesting of the veracity of the data the CID represents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's sign the anchor we just created. Signing an anchor in the Data module is attesting to the veracity of the data the CID represents.
```

```sh
regen tx data sign $KEY_NAME $EXAMPLE_CID
```

> Similarily to above, you should see a transaction confirmation after pressing `y`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarily to above, you should see a transaction confirmation shortly after pressing `y`.
```
